<div class="reveal">

<div class="slides">

<div id="ld4pld4l-labs-community-and-partner-meetings"
class="section slide level1">

LD4P/LD4L-Labs Community and Partner Meetings
=============================================

### Stanford University, April 24-28

### <http://meeting.ld4p.org>

</div>

<div class="section">

<div class="section">

Community meeting
-----------------

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Gather feedback from invited experts and practioners on work done
    during the first year
-   Build a broader community of practioners and potential collaborators

</div>

</div>

<div class="section">

<div class="section">

Partner meeting
---------------

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Assess the work done during the first year and process feedback
-   Begin planning for the next two-year grant
-   Identify areas for immediate actions or course correction

</div>

</div>

<div class="section">

<div class="section">

Community meeting
-----------------

</div>

<div class="section">

### Day 1

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Ontology development

</div>

<div class="section">

#### bibliotek-o

</div>

<div class="section">

[![Diagram of Biblioteko
ontology](http://bibliotek-o.org/data/bibliotek-o.overview.png "Diagram of Biblioteko ontology")](http://bibliotek-o.org/data/bibliotek-o.overview.png)

</div>

<div class="section">

#### Extension ontologies

</div>

<div class="section">

-   ArtFrame
-   Cartographics
-   Moving images
-   Performed music
-   RareMat

</div>

<div class="section">

> anyone currently working on or interested in helping work on a
> bibframe2 &lt;=&gt; cidoc-crm mapping, ping me?
> [\#askingforafriend](https://twitter.com/hashtag/askingforafriend?src=hash)
>
> — tor sparql queen ([@cm\_harlow]{.citation data-cites="cm_harlow"})
> [26 de abril de
> 2017](https://twitter.com/cm_harlow/status/857280045873741824)

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Workflows, procedures, & production

</div>

<div class="section">

> It's not that [\#MARC](https://twitter.com/hashtag/MARC?src=hash) must
> die - who cares? - but practices need to evolve with ontologies. --
> [[@azaroth42]{.citation
> data-cites="azaroth42"}](https://twitter.com/azaroth42)
> [\#ld4all](https://twitter.com/hashtag/ld4all?src=hash)
> [pic.twitter.com/XWB64K8pPj](https://t.co/XWB64K8pPj)
>
> — Osma Suominen ([@OsmaSuominen]{.citation data-cites="OsmaSuominen"})
> [24 de abril de
> 2017](https://twitter.com/OsmaSuominen/status/856566886535905280)

</div>

<div class="section">

### Day 2

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Tooling and services (infrastructure)

</div>

<div class="section">

> Graceful degradation (of
> [\#metadata](https://twitter.com/hashtag/metadata?src=hash), e.g.
> [\#BIBFRAME](https://twitter.com/hashtag/BIBFRAME?src=hash) to
> [\#DC](https://twitter.com/hashtag/DC?src=hash)) is today's buzzword
> at [\#ld4all](https://twitter.com/hashtag/ld4all?src=hash) (tshirt pic
> by [@mattbnl](https://twitter.com/mattbnl))
> [pic.twitter.com/7EdBipnirZ](https://t.co/7EdBipnirZ)
>
> — Osma Suominen (@OsmaSuominen) [25 de abril de
> 2017](https://twitter.com/OsmaSuominen/status/856973034032439297)

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Community adoption, governance, & engagement

</div>

<div class="section">

> If we (linked open data community) could do 2 things to increase
> community engagement and traction around linked data, what might they
> be?

</div>

</div>

<div class="section">

<div class="section">

Partner meeting
---------------

</div>

<div class="section">

### Day 1

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Community meeting feedback

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Ontologies
-   Tooling
-   Engagement, next steps
-   Communication and dissemination

</div>

<div class="section">

> Meetings this long have a physical effect on my mind/body. So if you
> see me start to speak today, put me in my place.
> [pic.twitter.com/EFXFcWtnOn](https://t.co/EFXFcWtnOn)
>
> — Steven Folsom (@sf433) [27 de abril de
> 2017](https://twitter.com/sf433/status/857621278470979585)

</div>

<div class="section">

### Day 2

</div>

<div class="section">

### Next stage of grant planning

</div>

<div class="section">

-   80% of draft for next grant should be finished by September
-   Focus on building shared environment (pilot, not production)
-   Look at using converted data (discussion of Casalini partners)

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Group of partners must continue to grow, but growth needs to be
    sustainable
-   Role of PCC in standards/ontology management?
-   Next grant needs to include international participants

</div>

<div class="section">

### Action items

</div>

<div class="section">

#### Form working groups

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Chalet working group
-   Community outreach strategy group
-   Community working group on reconciliation

</div>

<div class="section">

#### Map out the next grant proposal (Harvard, Cornell, Stanford)

</div>

<div class="section">

-   Where is LD4 program, and what's next?
-   Locus of tool development
-   Locus of community development, & even more production

</div>

</div>

<div class="section">

### Thank you!

</div>

</div>

</div>
